---
title: Emperor's Sword
---

{{Infobox Item
 |image=Sword.gif
 |type=weapon
 |critical=yes
 |magical=no
 |unique=yes
 |lba1=
 |lba2=yes
 |upgrades=no
 |rowposition=1
 |columnposition=7
 |effect=none
 |effectamount=
 |purpose=
 |combattype=enemies
 |powerlevel=fire
 |rate=varies behavior
 |range=none
 |damage=high
}}

The '''emperor's sword''' is the sword of the [[Emperor of Zeelich]]. It is one of the strongest weapons available on either [[Zeelich]] or [[Twinsun]].

After killing the emperor, [[Twinsen]] gets his sword by openning the chest in the middle of the room using the [[key]] the emperor left behind him. The sword's behaviour, just like the [[Magic Ball]], changes according to Twinsen's behavior:

* '''Normal''': Twinsen hits the enemy by walking forward and cutting.
* '''Sporty''': Twinsen jumpes back once and then forwards to hit the enemy.
* '''Agressive''': Twinsen actes extremer than in Normal mode, and also jumps and turns a couple of times at the enemy.
* '''Discreet''': Twinsen uses the sword as silent as possible. He also acts the least aggresive.

Twinsen can immediately test the sword, as an [[hussars guard]] comes down the elevator as soon as the sword is in his possession. This is the only weapon which can defeat the guards at the palace, [[Ring of Lightning]] inclusive. Without it, Twinsen is not able to enter the [[Emperor's Palace]] in his search for the [[Sups Fragment]].

==Related threads==
===General===
* {{thread|id=9366|title=Sword on twinsun in LBA2}}
* {{thread|id=8398|title=Sword fighting}}
* {{thread|id=5693|title=Twinsen's/emperor's sword.}}

===Fan Art===
* {{thread|id=11287|title=Twinsen}}
* {{post|id=37768|title=Twinsen's son/daughter}}

==External links==
===Fan art===
* [http://www.deviantart.com/view/12986693/ LBA 2 Picture]
* [http://www.deviantart.com/view/1047280/ Twinsen and Zoe]