---
title: Ancestral Key
---

{{Quote|
Quote=Ancestral Key. Opens the secret compartment in Twinsen's house.|
Character=Official description}}

==Description==
This ancient '''key''' was passed throughout the generations at the Heir's family, until, one day, an ancestor of the family name [[Hégésippe]] was attacked and killed by the famous pirate [[LeBorgne]] while possessing the key. LeBorgne kept the key with him until the day he died, and eventually hid it somewhere among his treasure. However, until the days of [[FunFrock]]'s reign, no one had any idea where the treasure was, as LeBorgne's log book was lost. Due to that, many people were looking for LeBorgne's lost treasure.

This golden key opens the door which leads to the Heir's Room, a room at which magical items were left to the Heir by his ancestors. The story of the key's loss is described in details at a sign outside the room, which was likely to be written by another ancestor, a short time after Hégésippe's death.

==Role in Twinsen's adventure==
After finding the [[Book of Bù]] in the deadly [[Temple of Bù]], [[Twinsen]] heard from the old hermit outside the temple that his family must have left information for him in [[Twinsen's house|his house]]. The [[quetch]] wasted no time, and immediately made his way towards his house, at which he found the secret cave near it. Reading the sign outside the locked room, Twinsen understood he has to find LeBorgne's lost treasure, and thus started asking most of the characters he met about information regarding LeBorgne.

Eventually, Twinsen reached the [[Old Burg bazaar|bazaar]] in the [[Old Burg]], where he heard from the seller that at that very morning, LeBorgne's log was sold to the library. Looking for information in the library, Twinsen found a very instructive explanation about most of the things he ever wanted to know about the ruthless pirate, including detailed information about the treasure's location.

Following the instructions he read in the log book, Twinsen found himself just outside the [[Maritime Musem]]. After investigating a bit, it eventually turned out that he would need to activate the museum's alarm, as well as owning a [[proto-pack]] so that he could fly around safely without touching the ground. Once achieving both these things, Twinsen was ready for the actual "attack".

He entered the museum through a grate from the [[Proxima Island sewers|sewers]], which he earlier made sure would be down there. Once inside, the quetch flew around slowly and silently, trying as hard as he could not to touch the ground. He eventually reached the upper level of the museum, where, at the corner of the room, he found LeBorgne's treasure. It took Twinsen only a few seconds of searching through the chest in order to find the desired key. Once possessing the key, Twinsen quickly left the museum, having no business there any more.

The next thing Twinsen did was going back to his house, opening the locked room. Inside, he found [[Gawley's Horn]] and [[Sendell's Medallion]], as well as a sign telling him about the locations of the three [[Runic Stones]] around the planet.

Twinsen possessed the key until the end of his adventure, although he had no further use with it.

==Additional quotes==
{{Quote|
Quote=You've just found the key lost by your ancestor Hégésippe.|
Character=When Twinsen found the key}}
{{Quote|
Quote=This room contains information and weapons that were amassed for generations to help the Heir who will, one day, be chosen from our descendants. The key to the room was passed down from generation to generation, but our ancestor Hégésippe was the last family member to retain the key. He was attacked and killed by the ruthless pirate LeBorgne during a sea voyage. Nobody knows where Leborgne's treasure, which undoubtedly contains the golden key to the room, is today.|
Character=A sign outside the Heir's room}}
{{Quote|
Quote=Captain LeBorgne's treasure. This chest contains the fruits of a lifetime of dishonesty. It was seized by the IRS, the only predator known to this terrible pirate.|
Character=A sign in the maritime museum}}

[[Category:Objects]]
[[Category:Articles without an image]]