---
title: Chedil Amiradoo
---

{{Character|
Name=Chedil Amiradoo|
Image=Chedil Amiradoo.gif|
Race=[[Rabbibunny]]|
Gender=Male|
Size=Medium|
Age=Adult}}

{{Quote|
Quote=My dear sir, my goods are only available to fully licensed wizards.|
Character=Chedil Amiradoo}}

==Description==
As the poster in the [[School of Magic]] may suggest, Chedil Amiradoo is an old rabbibunny, who makes living from selling various magic accessories to fully licensed wizards. This wise rabbibunny is usually noticed circling around the [[White Leaf Desert]] on his magical flying carpet. Those people who may wish to buy goods from him, will be required to show Chedil their [[wizard's diploma]], as a proof of them being fully licensed. Others will find less interest in his merchandise.

==Role in Twinsen's adventure==
Upon qualifying from the School of Magic, [[Twinsen]] was advised by the [[mentor of the school of magic|mentor of the school]] to go meet Chedil Amiradoo, and buy a [[wizard's parade tunic]] from the rabbibunny. Once accidentally bumping into Mr. Amiradoo in the desert, Twinsen showed the peddler his newly given wizard's diploma, as a proof of his wizardry. Thye [[quetch]] had to pay Chedil 50 [[kashes]], the price the latter charged him for the parade tunic and the fake wizard beard. Once owning these, the [[Esmers]] confused Twinsen for a wizard, and invited him to [[Zeelich|their planet]].

==Unconfirmed theories==
It is unknown how Chedil Amiradoo was able to fly upon his carpet, and direct his way without moving off it. This might have been due to him enchanting the carpet, although there are no proofs for that.
Another uncomfirmed theory is the rabbibunny's relations with the School of Magic. It is unknown whether he actually works for the school, or is just with good relationships with the mentor of the school.

==Trivia==
It is to be noted that the only place where Twinsen found a mention of Chedil's actual name was on the poster at the School of Magic. Otherwise, he was simply referred to as "the peddler".

==Additional quotes==
{{Quote|
Quote=Ah, you must be Twinsen. Congratulations for passing your examination. If you want a magician's tunic it'll only cost you 50 kashes. We'll throw in a false beard to make you look like an old magician. Interested?|
Character=Chedil Amiradoo}}
{{Quote|
Quote=Now that you are a wizard, I can sell you some orange powder. It costs 10 Kashes, and will recharge you in Magic and Life Points.|
Character=Chedil Amiradoo}}
{{Quote|
Quote=I know where it is, but I don't have the right to tell you.|
Character=Chedil Amiradoo}}
{{Quote|
Quote=I saw Ker'aooc pass by a while back. Told me the Esmers had invited him...someplace or other. Regardless, he was going to the Hacienda.|
Character=Chedil Amiradoo}}
{{Quote|
Quote=Bravo Twinsen. You now bear the title of wizard. I don't have any spare wizard's parade tunics left. But there is a peddler on the island. I'll contact him and ask him to give you one. Go find him. Also, let your beard grow.|
Character=Mentor of the School of Magic}}
{{Quote|
Quote=Looking for a costume or Magic accessories? Well, Chedil Amiradoo has a deal that'll make your head spin. Low, low prices and after-sales service. Currently doing the rounds on your island.|
Character=Notice board at the School of Magic}}

==Related threads==
===Hints\Spoilers===
* {{thread|id=3842|title=The funniest hints ever, & more! (Could anybody tell some more)}}

===Fan Art===
* {{post|id=74935|title=Metal Gear Twinsen}}

[[Category:Rabbibunnies]]
[[Category:Male characters]]
[[Category:Medium characters]]
[[Category:Adult characters]]
[[Category:Desert Island inhabitants]]