---
title: Clover Leaf
---

{{Quote|
Quote=Lucky Clover Leaf: using this clover leaf will use up one of your chances to revitalise yourself to a maximum.|
Character=Inventory description}}

==Description==
'''The clover leaves''', as the inventory description may suggest, enable one to have another opportunity of a life. Each clover leaf represent one life of the person. Once running out of these precious leaves, the person passes away and dies. Each clover is stored in its own boxes, and therefore, one cannot own more leaves than boxes. By retrieving additional clover boxes, it is possible to own more leaves, thus having more opportunities to live.

==Role in Twinsen's adventures==
Nobody's perfect, not even [[Twinsen]]. Our hero was not able to complete his adventure without receiving some strikes and hits from his rivals. To compensate for the damage lost by these hits, [[life candies]] were not enough, and the brave [[quetch]] had to use clover leaves as well. By using them, it ensured him a a safe journey in his quests. Without them, it is doubtful Twinsen would have made it in defeating the evil [[FunFrock]] in his two adventures.

==Trivia==
In addition to increasing his lives, Twinsen was able to make an extra use of the clovers. In case all of his clover boxes were full, the quetch was able to refill his energy and [[magic points]] when receiving a new clover leaf.

==Additional quotes==
{{Quote|
Quote=This Lucky Clover Leaf gives you the benefit of an additional life.|
Character=Inventory description}}
{{Quote|
Quote=Locations of several clover leaves and boxes: There is a box for clover leaves in the sewers of Citadel island, and another in the basement of the tavern; one clover leaf is guarded by a soldier who is located behind sandbags. Another is guarded by a clone in the middle of the ruins on Principal island. Another one is on the roof of the Maritime Museum. Another is guarded by a groboclone to the right of the Teleportation Center's entrance. Another is guarded by a soldier in front of FunFrock's fortress.|
Character=List with clover boxes locations}}
{{Quote|
Quote=Do what I do: gather up the clover leaves and the boxes. You need one box to hold each clover leaf. Each clover leaf will give you another chance when you are in an extremely dangerous situation.|
Character=A [[rabbibunny]]}}
{{Quote|
Quote=You know Julia? She is a nice girl. She watches a bit too much TV, but there is some truth in her story: someone left a box for clover leaves on the islet in front of my house. It is too shallow for a boat to get there by water, and since the bridge leading to the islet has collapsed, the only way to get there is to fly.|
Character=Beatrice}}

==Related threads==
===Hints\Spoilers===
* {{thread|id=2094|title=The lost clover box?}}
* {{thread|id=1297|title=Clover boxes}}
* {{thread|id=442|title=how many clover boxes did you find?}}

===Fan Art===
* {{post|id=112171|title=Lba3}}

[[Category:Consumables]]
[[Category:Articles without an image]]