---
title: Dr. FunFrock
---

{{Character|
Name=FunFrock|
Image=FunFrock.gif|
Race=[[Quetch]]|
Gender=Male|
Size=Large|
Age=Adult}}

==Description==
'''Dr. FunFrock''' was a rather big [[Quetch]] and the dictator of [[Twinsun]], before [[Twinsen]] stopped his influence. He later disguised himself as [[Dark Monk]], the supposedly reincarnated god of [[Zeelich]]. His main goal was to get godlike powers. He beliefed to get them from the power of [[Sendell]] and the [[Stellar Entity]] inside Twinsun.

During his dictatorship, he made use of his knowledge of cloning and teleporting to ensure total control of the planet's citizens. His [[clones]] of all races could be teleported to all places of [[Twinsun]] instantly through a network of [[telepods]]. These technologies were controlled by the [[Teleportation Center]] and the Cloning Center that was inside his [[FunFrock's Secret Fortress|secret fortress]].

He build prisons all over the planet to hold any dissidents captive, including the massive [[Citadel]], giving the name to [[Citadel Island]]. Alternately, people could be forced under house arrests, indicated by bricked up entrance doors.

He also evacuated the [[Northern Hemisphere]] in order to ensure his plans to dig a hole to the center of Twinsun starting from [[Polar Island]] in order to gain god powers. To evacuate the hemisphere, he produced mutants in his [[Mutant Factory]] to scare the citizens away.

==Role in Twinsen's adventures==
FunFrock was the tyrant the [[Legend of Sendell]] spoke of. [[Twinsen]], as the heir the prophecy spoke of, destroyed FunFrock's regime in his first adventure. He first met FunFrock, or possibly a clone of him, inside [[FunFrock's Headquarters]] on [[Principal Island]]. However, FunFrock quickly teleported himself away via the nearby [[telepod]].

After Twinsen had destroyed both the [[Mutant Factory]] and the [[Teleportation Center]], he was trapped by FunFrock when trying to rescue a clone of [[Zoé]] in [[FunFrock's Secret Fortress]]. The secret fortress was built around the [[stone of the Septentrion]], the last runic stone of the prophecy. After Twinsen escaped the fortress's prison, he found the runic stone, and destroyed the fortress using the power of his [[Flask of Clear Water|Clear Water]].

Twinsen faced FunFrock again on the rocky peak in the center of Polar Island. After a short battle, FunFrock fell of the rock, and Twinsen estimated he was defeated. FunFrock then set off a clone of him, which battled Twinsen again deeper in [[Sendell's Well]].

FunFrock himself found a way to [[Zeelich]] and made a second plan to destroy Twinsun, along with the Zeelichian [[Emperor]]. They built reactors on [[Emerald Moon]] to fire the moon towards Twinsun. FunFrock disguised himself as [[Dark Monk]], a god of Zeelich, and manipulated the [[Esmers]] to help him with his plan.

FunFrock abducted the wizards and children of Twinsun and brought them inside [[Dark Monk's statue]]. The statue itself should be the antenna to attracked the power of Sendell when Twinsun exploded.

However, FunFrock was once again stopped by Twinsen in the last minute. Twinsen defeated FunFrock and several of his clones in the statue, and the Esmers destroyed the lunar reactors right before the moon's impact on Twinsun.

==Quotes==
{{Quote|
Quote=I have you at last! I see that you appreciated the clone that I made of your friend, the original is safe. I suppose that you have come here to find the 3rd Runic Stone. I already found it a long time ago, but it took some time to decipher it. And as soon as I knew the location of the Well of Sendell, I began the foraging work.|
Character=FunFrock}}
{{Quote|
Quote=Not being able to destroy the stone, I built my fortress around it to dissimulate it. That reminds me, you supposedly destroyed two of my factories, but that is of little importance! I will soon possess such fantastic powers, that I will need but an instant to clone or teleport the totality of the inhabitants of the planet. I also can make you relive the worst moments of your existence indefinitely... Good bye, you will never realize the prophecy because I will be the one who encounters Sendell and I will inherit her powers.|
Character=FunFrock}}
{{Quote|
Quote=At last we meet again, Twinsen! But this time, you are too late<nowiki>!!</nowiki> With the emperor's help, I succeeded in deceiving the Esmers. Ironic, isn't it? They mistook me for the reincarnation of Dark Monk and granted me divine powers that even I didn't possess. Thanks to those Esmers, these powers will be mine as soon as the moon collides with Twinsun<nowiki>!!</nowiki>|
Character=FunFrock}}
{{Quote|
Quote=I needed the wizards to operate the machine I built in the statue. It'll attract the Sendells' energy from Twinsun's core, and release it in the explosion! The children were only a ploy to coerce the wizards' obedience<nowiki>!!</nowiki>|
Character=FunFrock}}
{{Quote|
Quote=Even you a part of my plan, fool of a Quetch<nowiki>!!</nowiki> The statue is in fact an antenna! And I needed the four fragments to place it in its ceremonial position! Now, you will witness the destruction of your planet and my consecration as well! As soon as I activate the machine and the cosmic shock takes place, I will seize the Sendells' energy. It will make me a God in flesh as well as in name<nowiki>!!!</nowiki>|
Character=FunFrock}}
{{Quote|
Quote=So you followed me, you miserable maggot<nowiki>!!!</nowiki> You didn't get the picture, did you? Now it's too late. In a few minutes, your planet will be destroyed, and its energy will make me the equivalent of a God<nowiki>!!!</nowiki> For annoying me with the sight of you yet again, I'm going to sacrifice these children you love so dearly right in front of your eyes<nowiki>!!!</nowiki>|
Character=FunFrock}}

==Related threads==
===General===
* {{thread|id=11057|title=A weird resemblance}}
* {{thread|id=10887|title=How did Funfrock get to Zeelich?}}
* {{thread|id=9405|title=Twinsun's Destruction}}
* {{thread|id=9302|title=LBA2 is over}}
* {{thread|id=9106|title=The Comrade, Fuhrer or Fascist is watching you!}}
* {{thread|id=8965|title=Toss Up Compensate Match}}
* {{thread|id=8826|title=First Semi of the Toss Up!}}
* {{thread|id=8515|title=Uncanny FunFrock resemblence...}}
* {{thread|id=8260|title=Favourite FunFrock's Factory (FFFF)}}
* {{thread|id=7507|title=Funfrock dead?}}
* {{thread|id=5352|title=Who should be the villain boss in LBA3?}}
* {{thread|id=4676|title=Is Funfrock a Syborg?}}
* {{thread|id=5470|title=Fuhrer FunFrock (F.F.F)}}
* {{thread|id=4936|title=How 'bout good ol' doctor F?}}
* {{thread|id=4010|title=Sendel vs. FunFrock}}
* {{thread|id=4373|title=FunFrock teleporting?}}
* {{thread|id=4229|title=Twinsen & Funfrock in LBA 1 & 2}}
* {{thread|id=4074|title=Badguys Special #1:How did Funfrock take power?}}
* {{thread|id=3889|title=Separated at Birth?}}
* {{thread|id=3792|title=Voices and other voices}}
* {{thread|id=3446|title=A future FunFrock?}}
* {{thread|id=2968|title=funfrock`s alternate names}}
* {{thread|id=2780|title=confusing}}
* {{thread|id=2412|title=What do you think of FunFrock in LBA?}}
* {{thread|id=2323|title="To the Glory of Doctor FunFrock"}}
* {{thread|id=1867|title=Do you remember when... [spolier]}}
* {{thread|id=155|title=Twinsun - a happy jolly place? I THINK NOT}}
* {{thread|id=1267|title=Funfrock's plan}}
* {{thread|id=776|title=I just finished LBA2}}
* {{thread|id=11567|title=FunFrock's picture in the book in LBA2's intro}}
* {{thread|id=11616|title=Random Quote(s)}}

===Hints\Spoilers===
* {{thread|id=10385|title=every point of interest i could find (lba2) that isnt on this site, that needs to be!}}
* {{thread|id=5035|title=lba1 beating funfrock}}
* {{thread|id=4305|title=Too Easy To Kill Funfrock...}}

===Fan art===
* {{thread|id=7125|title=Funfrock 3d}}
* {{thread|id=6222|title=For those interested to see what a cell-shaded LBA would look like}}
* {{post|id=149595|title=Edited Film Pictures}}
* {{thread|id=10468|title=1997 LBA drawings done when I still a schoolboy}}
* {{post|id=75079|title=Metal Gear Twinsen}}
* {{post|id=230748|title=3D Twinsen pics (first attempt)}}
* {{post|id=68933|title=Lba3}}
* {{thread|id=4596|title=DR. Funfrock}}
* {{thread|id=4216|title=Funfrock Wallpaper}}

==External links==
===Fan art===
* [http://www.deviantart.com/deviation/35013177/?qo=15&q=by%3Asepulchrave&qh=sort%3Atime+-in%3Ascraps Funfrock's Campaign]
* [http://www.deviantart.com/view/16705460/ Dr. Funfrock 2]

[[Category:Quetches]]
[[Category:Male characters]]
[[Category:Large characters]]
[[Category:Adult characters]]
[[Category:Polar Island inhabitants]]
[[Category:Celebration Island inhabitants]]
[[Category:FunFrock's army]]
[[Category:Melee fighters]]