---
title: Emperor's Sword
---

{{Weapon|
Name=Emperor's Sword|
Image=Sword.gif|
Enemy=All enemies|
Rate=Slow/Fast, depending on behaviour|
Damage=A lot|
Range=Melee}}

{{Quote|
Quote=With the emperor's sword, you can now face the hussars of the imperial guard.|
Character=Official description}}

==Description==
The '''emperor's sword''' used to belong to the [[Emperor of Zeelich]]. It is one of the mightiest weapons available on either [[Zeelich]] or [[Twinsun]]. It is shaped like any normal sword.

==Role in Twinsen's adventure==
After killing the emperor, [[Twinsen]] could get his sword by openning the chest in the middle of the room using the [[key]] the emperor left behind him. The sword's behaviour, just like the [[magic ball]], changes according to Twinsen's behavior:

* '''Normal''': Twinsen just hit the enemy by walking forward and cutting.
* '''Sporty''': Twinsen jumped back once and then forwards to hit the enemy.
* '''Agressive''': Twinsen acted extremer than in Normal mode, and also jumped and turned a couple of times at the enemy.
* '''Discreet''': Twinsen used the sword as silent as possible. He also acted the least aggresive.

Twinsen could immediately test the sword, as the [[hussars guard]] came down the elevator as soon as the sword was in the [[quetch]]'s possession. This was the only weapon which could defeat the guards at the palace, [[ring of lightning]] inclusive. Without it, Twinsen was not able to enter the [[Emperor's Palace]] in his search for the [[Sups fragment]].

==Additional quotes==
{{Quote|
Quote=You just seized the emperor's sword. Now you can face the hussars guarding the Emperor's palace.|
Character=When Twinsen took the sword}}

==Related threads==
===General===
* {{thread|id=9366|title=Sword on twinsun in LBA2}}
* {{thread|id=8398|title=Sword fighting}}
* {{thread|id=5693|title=Twinsen's/emperor's sword.}}

===Fan Art===
* {{thread|id=11287|title=Twinsen}}

==External links==
===Fan art===
* [http://www.deviantart.com/view/12986693/ LBA 2 Picture]

[[Category:Weapons]]