---
title: Felix
---

{{Character|
Name=Felix|
Image=Felix.gif|
Race=[[Rabbibunny]]|
Gender=Male|
Size=Medium|
Age=Adult}}

{{Quote|
Quote=Say Twinsen, did you ever see that Tral端? They say it's a monster that lives in the cliffs above Lupin-Bourg. If you take a walk up there, don't forget to carry a weapon. I mean your magic ball!|
Character=Felix}}

==Description==
Felix is a nice old rabbibunny, usually spotted around the [[Citadel Island) Harbour|harbour]] of [[Citadel Island]]. His main hobby seems to be fishing, although usually without much luck. Also, the old fisherman seems to be quite interested in the mystery stories regarding the [[Tral端]] and its cave on the [[cliffs]].

==Role in Twinsen's adventure==
Although not being able to help [[Twinsen]] directly, Felix did give him a few hints regarding his quests. Most of them were about the Tral端 he was so fanatic about, but he also tried to help Twinsen when the latter was searhing for [[Raph]].
Also, the crabs Felix managed to fish came in quite handy for Twinsen, as he was able to get some [[life candies]] and [[kashes]] from beating those crabs.

==Unconfirmed theories==
There are two main unconfirmed theories about Felix. The first one is where the old rabbibunny lives, as there seem to be no house around the island that might belong to him. The seond unconfirmed theory regarding the fisherman is about his job. He could make money from fishing, but since he isn't a really successfull fisherman, it is unknown how he gets his money.

==Trivia==
Feeling a bit agressive, Twinsen released some frustration on the poor rabbibunny. Felix, being quite a chicken perhaps, got really scared, and ran away, diving into the water. Felix did come back later, however.

==Additional quotes==
{{Quote|
Quote=I don't know him very well, but try asking around at "Chez Luc," that's his big hangout.|
Character=Felix}}
{{Quote|
Quote=Hey, did you really destroy the Tral端? This monster really existed? Hail to you, may you be prosperous and may the Sendells protect your descendants!|
Character=Felix}}

==Related threads==
===General===
* {{thread|id=5981|title=Felix}}

[[Category:Rabbibunnies]]
[[Category:Male characters]]
[[Category:Medium characters]]
[[Category:Adult characters]]
[[Category:Citadel Island inhabitants]]