---
title: Flask of Magic Powder
---

{{Quote|
Quote=10 flasks of magic powder will cost you 30 Kashes.|
Character=A selling machine}}

==Description==
Usually found in local bazaars and plants or garbage cans, the '''magic flasks''' enable a person replenishing some of his magic level. Depending on how much powder the flask found contains, the magic level will increase upon retrieving such a flask. These bottles can be found almost anywhere around [[Twinsun]] or [[Zeelich]], either by searching through garbage can and plants, or by buying them from local bazaars.

==Role in Twinsen's adventures==
Using the [[magic ball]], the [[protection spell]] or the [[ring of lightning]], consumed a certain amount of magic. So that he could replenish his magic supply, [[Twinsen]] had to retrieve the flasks containing magic powder. Once completely running out of magic powder, Twinsen was not able to bounce his magic ball, or use the protection spell. For the ring of lightning, the [[quetch]] was required to have a full magic capacity.

The amount of magic Twinsen could store increased among with his level of magic.

==Trivia==
There are two additional things to note about the flasks of magic powder. Firstly, in his first adventure, Twinsen chose to take these flasks, even if his magic amount was full. In his second quest, however, realizing he had no use of these bottles once his magic capacity was full, Twinsen did not take them.

Additionally, Twinsen realized pretty soon that buying these flasks is quite pointless, as he could get them for free from most plants and rubbish cans.

[[Category:Consumables]]
[[Category:Articles without an image]]