---
title: Horn of the Blue Triton
permalink: wiki/Horn_of_the_Blue_Triton
layout: wiki
---

**The Horn of the Blue Triton** is a horn storing [life
candies](life_candies "wikilink"). This horn enables the owner to store
a higher amount of life candies, as well as use those candies to heal
other people.

[Twinsen](Twinsen "wikilink")'s very first object in [Little Big
Adventure 2](Little_Big_Adventure_2 "wikilink") is to find a way to cure
[Dino-Fly](Dino-Fly "wikilink"). During his studies at the [School of
Magic](School_of_Magic "wikilink"), he has to undergo the [Garden Balsam
Flower](Garden_Balsam_Flower "wikilink") test. As a reward for
completing the test, Twinsen receives the Horn of the Blue Triton, which
is half-empty when he receives it. Twinsen can fill the horn using life
candies he finds around the planet, as well as with a [clover
leaf](clover_leaf "wikilink"). With this horn, Twinsen can finally cure
Dino-Fly, and thus complete the third test of the School of Magic- the
[Dome of the Slate](Dome_of_the_Slate "wikilink") test.

Twinsen can also use the horn to cure other people, though none of them
are necessarry tasks in the game. He can use it on [Joe the
Elf](Joe_the_Elf "wikilink") at the [cemetery](cemetery "wikilink"),
after the elf accidentally turned himself into a shell. In return he
receives 3 clover leaves. Additionally, Twinsen can use the horn to cure
an injured [Wannie](Wannie "wikilink") in the [Island of the
Wannies](Island_of_the_Wannies "wikilink"). In return, the wannie gives
Twinsen a [gem](gem "wikilink"), and tells him about an easier access to
the [Queen of the Mosquibees](Astrid "wikilink")' cell.

The Horn also comes in handy when Twinsen wishes to renew a certain
amount of life points. By using the horn, Twinsen can store these life
points, and then extract them from the item whenever he needs to restore
his health status.

It is also possible to use the horn for cheating in the [Gloum
Casino](Gloum_Casino "wikilink") in [Otringal](Otringal "wikilink"). By
dispensing a life candy on a course in the [Duam](Duam "wikilink") race,
the Duam who touches the candy is more likely to win the race.

## Related threads

### General

- 

- 

### Hints\Spoilers

- 

- 

- 
