---
title: Joan Loumin
---

{{Character|
Name=Joan Loumin|
Image=MLOUMIN.jpg|
Race=[[Mosquibee]]|
Gender=Male|
Size=Small|
Age=Adult}}

Rejecting the [[Emperor of Zeelich]] and his actions, a small group of dissidents have set up a resistance group, spreading propaganda against the Emperor. The most active member of this group, and apparently their "leader", seems to be Joan Loumin, a brave yet reckless mosquibee. Perhaps due to not being careful enough, Joan was captured by the emperor at least once. However, he seems to be the most active dissident, having spreading the propaganda on several islands. He also seems to be in a pretty close contact with [[Astrid]], the Mosquibees queen.

==Role in Twinsen's adventure==
Throughout his quests around [[Zeelich]], [[Twinsen]] encountered Joan Loumin several times. In his first trip to Zeelich, while escaping from [[Otringal prison|jail]], Twinsen came across Joan's cell. Following the mosquibee's pleads, Twinsen released him by opening his cell through the switches upstairs. In return, Joan adviced the [[quetch]] to leave the building through the back door, to avoid the guards.
Coming back to Zeelich later on, Twinsen met Joan Loumin, as well as some of his dissident friends, at the secret basement of the [[Twinsunian Souvenir Shop]]. There, he and his friends helped Twnisen by preparing him for [[Island CX]], as well as instructing him on how to get there, and handing him the [[Laser Pistol of Zarnon]].
When Twinsen reached the [[Mosquibees Island]], Joan Loumin was standing there, just next to the queen. There, he gave Twinsen a small hint about the kind of proof Astrid was anticipating. He also witnessed Twinsen undergoing the Test of Truth at the [[Challenge room]]. Just after Twinsen completed the challenge, the emperor's soldiers attacked the village, and Joan, as well as the queen and another mosquibee, was captured.
Going after the queen so that he could reach Island CX, Twinsen met Joan Loumin once again at the cell of the [[Building Company]] at [[Wannies Island]]. There, Joan adviced the quetch to go to Island CX as soon as possible.
Later on, after Twinsen's adventure was finished, one could spot Joan Loumin at the party in [[Citadel Island]].

==Quotes==
{{Quote|
Quote=Thank you for having freed me. I am a dissident of the government. The emperor and Dark Monk, our reincarnated God, manipulate the people of Zeelich. They lie continually.|
Character=Joan Loumin}}
{{Quote|
Quote=But let's not waste any time. If you want to get out of here, don't take the main entrance, it is being watched by soldiers.|
Character=Joan Loumin}}
{{Quote|
Quote=It's our secret identification sign. He just might be speaking the truth your Majesty.|
Character=Joan Loumin}}
{{Quote|
Quote=Only you can stop the emperor and Dark Monk.|
Character=Joan Loumin}}

[[Category:Mosquibees]]
[[Category:Male characters]]
[[Category:Small characters]]
[[Category:Adult characters]]
[[Category:Mosquibees Island inhabitants]]
[[Category:Otringal inhabitants]]
[[Category:Wannies Island inhabitants]]