---
title: Johnny Rocket
---

{{twinsunica import}}{{Infobox Character
 |image=Johnny Rocket.jpg
 |race=sup
 |gender=male
 |size=average
 |age=adult
 |magical=no
 |lba1=
 |lba2=yes
 |alignment=rebel
 |occupation=
 |requires=
 |amount=
 |fam1=
 |fam2=
 |planet=
 |island=
 |building=
}}

'''Johnny Rocket''' is a [[Sup]] living on [[Otringal]]. He is one of the [[Esmer]]s that come to [[Twinsun]] from [[Zeelich]], and the first one to set foot on Twinsun. Although he helps the [[Emperor]] and [[FunFrock]] this way, he is completely against their acts and ideas, and therefore helps the [[dissidents]] rebelling against them.

Johnny lives in the [[Imperial Hotel]], at the [[upper city]] of Otringal. He also seems to be the only Esmer who can speak the Twinsunian language, possibly with the aid of a [[translator]].

When the Esmers land on [[Citadel Island]], Johhny gives a speach about how they come in peace. He later goes back to Zeelich, although this is not seen in the game.

When [[Twinsen]] searches for information about [[Island CX]] on his adventure in Zeelich, he meets [[Rick]], who sends him to meet Johnny Rocket at the Imperial Hotel. When Twinsen meets him there, he absent-mindedly mentions the dissidents out loud. Johnny yells at him, and asks him to come to his room where they can talk without danger. In his room, Johnny tells Twinsen that he is unable to help him, and sends him to talk with the dissidents in the [[Twinsunian Souvenir Shop]]. He also gives Twinsen the [[Ring of the Dissidents]], which is their identification sign.

==Related threads==
===General===
* {{thread|id=540|title=I just played LBA2 again.... (C)}}

===Fan Art===
* {{post|id=226830|title=Edited Film Pictures}}
* {{thread|id=3963|title=Johnny Rocket / Sup Fanart}}

<!-- remove these category links when they're all automated by categorizers...
[[Category:Sups]]
[[Category:Male characters]]
[[Category:Average characters]]
[[Category:Adult characters]]
[[Category:Otringal inhabitants]]
[[Category:Rebels]] -->