---
title: Key to the Passage to CX
---

{{Quote|
Quote=This key will allow you to open the doors of the passage, whose entrance is in the village of the Mosquibees, and which will allow you to go up to islet CX.|
Character=Official description}}

==Description==
This key, as the name suggests, is used to open up a door at the [[throne room]] in the [[Island of the Mosquibees]], leading to a passage which eventually brings one to [[Island CX]]. This door is the only passage to this dangerous island, as any possible access there is blocked, and no one dares venture there.

==Role in Twinsen's adventure==
In order to get to [[Island CX]] and stop the lunar reactors that threatened his planet, [[Twinsen]] had to get to the Island of the Mosquibees, as access to the deadly island was blocked, and the only way of reaching it was through a secret door in the throne room, a door that turned out to be the throne of [[Queen Astrid]]. Twinsen went to Mosquibees Island, where he met the Mosquibee queen. Not trusting anyone easily, Astrid promised Twinsen the key as soon as he passes [[Test of truth|a test]] that will prove his loyalty.

As soon as Twinsen passed the challenge, the [[Emperor]]'s soldier invaded the village, capturing the queen. Knowing Astrid is his only chance of reaching Island CX, Twinsen went to look for her. Once finding her in the [[Building Company]] at [[Wannies Island]], the queen finally awarded the [[quetch ]] with the desired key.

Only then could Twinsen get to Island CX, through the hidden passage which was behind the Mosquibee queen's throne. When going back to the throne room, Twinsen realized that while he was away, a mercenary named [[Ghazkhul le Grand]] came to try defeating him. The quetch had to use his smarts and powers in order to get past the assassin, and finally reach Island CX.

==Unconfirmed theories==
It is unknown what happened to the key after Twinsen used it to get to the deadly island. It is possible that the key was no longer in need, due to [[Zeelich]] gaining its heavenly look back, but one may find it quite a mystery that no one kept the key as another memory of Twinsen's glorious adventure.

==Additional quotes==
{{Quote|
Quote=You just found the key of the passage which leads to island CX.|
Character=When Twinsen received the key}}
{{Quote|
Quote=You are now welcome in the village of the Mosquibees and we will help you reach the island CX. I not only own the key to the passage which leads there, I will also open the doors for you as soon as we arrive!!|
Character=Queen Astrid}}

[[Category:Obejcts]]
[[Category:Articles without an image]]