---
title: Mies van der Rooh's Father
---

{{Character|
Name=Mies van der Rooh's Father|
Image=Mies_Van_Der_Rooh's_Father.JPG|
Race=[[Rabbibunny]]|
Gender=Male|
Size=Medium|
Age=Adult}}

''"Here we have a very instructive map of the sewers. Before you can consult it, you must wait until I restore it. For that, I need a vial of gallic acid. Unfortunately, there's none left on the island."''
-Mies van der Rooh's father -LBA2
==Description==

'''Mies van der Rooh's father''' is a [[rabbibunny]] whose name is unknown. He is the father of [[Mies van der Rooh]]. In [[Little Big Adventure 1]], they both live in [[Van der Rooh's residence|house]] in [[Bug Street]] on [[Citadel Island]], next to [[Twinsen's house]]. After the death of Mies van der Rooh before [[Little Big Adventure 2]], his father kept living in the house on his own.

==Role In LBA1==

In LBA 1, Mies van der Rooh's father has no vital role. He tells Twinsen in the beginning of the game that he and his son are planning to repair his house soon, including putting a fence around the chimney. As Twinsen just escapes from his house through the chimney, he tells the rabbibunny that he is not interested any more.

==Role in LBA2==

In LBA 2, Twinsen finds Mies van der Rooh's father working on some works of his defunct son, among which is a map of the [[Citadel Island sewers]]. He tells Twinsen that in order to restore the map, he needs a flask of [[gallic acid]], which ran out of stock in Citadel Island. After Twinsen brings him such acid, his neighbour can restore the map, and finds out that it mentions a [[pyramid-shaped key]], which he gives to Twinsen. Twinsen uses this key later for opening the room in which [[Sendell's Ball]] is concealed.

==Additional Quotes==

''"My son and I fixed the ventilation flap in your chimney. We'll put up a fence later. It's odd that it is so far away from your house! According to my son, who is an architect, there are a lot of strange things about your house!"''
-Mies van der Rooh's father -LBA1

''"The gallic acid has revealed a text previously invisible. It mentions a small pyramid that was in my possession. Here! It's yours!"''
-Mies van der Rooh's father -LBA2

[[Category:Rabbibunnies]]
[[Category:Average characters]]
[[Category:Male characters]]
[[Category:Adult characters]]
[[Category:Citadel Island inhabitants]]