---
title: Mosquibees Fragment
---

{{Quote|
Quote=This fragment of the Mosquibees' key is one of the elements which will permit you to piece together the key to Dark Monk's temple.|
Character=Official description}}

==Description==
The '''Mosquibees Fragment''' was one of the four fragments which together summoned [[Dark Monk's statue]] to complete the ceremony. This turned [[Zeelich]] back in its original look after 10,000 ceremonies. The Mosquibees Fragment is the yellow "left" piece of [[Dark Monk's key]].

The fragment itself was stored inside a locked box, on an [[Island guarding the fragment|island isolated from the Mosquibees Village]], to prevent the [[emperor]] and his soldiers stealing it.

==Role in Twisnen's adventure==
As a part of his quest of unting the four key fragments, [[Twinsen]] reached the [[Island of the Mosquibees]], in a search for their fragment. Just after he completed the [[Test of Truth]], the emperor's soldiers invaded the [[Village of the Mosquibees|village]]. Twinsen managed to escape, and made his way to an island isolated from the village, where the fragment was found. At the island, Twinsen found a box at which the Mosquibees Fragment was kept. He had to go up the nearest ladder, and get on an arena at which he battled a monster from the gas, who held the [[key]] to the box. This monster was only defeatable by throwing back its fireballs with the [[Wannies Glove]]. Once the battle was over, Twinsen retrieved the key to the box, and got the fragment.

==Additional quotes==
{{Quote|
Quote=Ah, Twinsen<nowiki>!!</nowiki> With the arrival of these paratroopers, I am afraid to see our fragment might fall into the hands of the emperor. By the way, if you know how to throw back the balls of fire with your hands, try to grab some.|
Character=Old [[mosquibee]]}}

==Related threads==
===Hints\Spoilers===
* {{thread|id=3846|title= where this the fragment of the purlones}}

[[Category:Objects]]
[[Category:Dark Monk's key]]
[[Category:Articles without an image]]