---
title: Rebel
---

{{Quote|
Quote=And despite the fact that the good doctor spared us from all that, there are still [[rebels]] out there who want to overthrow him - it's shameful!|
Character=A [[grobo]] in the [[library]]}}
The '''rebels''' were inhabitants of [[Twinsun]] who opposed Dr [[Funfrock]] with military force. They retreated to an [[Rebellion Island|island]] which was constantly bombed by Funfrock's forces. They waged an ongoing war, tearing down the teleportation pads, destroying all the [[clones]], and vanquishing the presence of FunFrock from its shores. New recruits would train in the [[Rebel Camp]]

Their island was isolated and they allowed access to their [[Rebellion Island Harbour|harbour]] only to ships bearing a [[pirate flag]].

The rebels never believed that the [[northern hemisphere]] was uninhabitable as FunFrock's propaganda said. They intended to traverse to it through the fortified [[Okojo Pass]] but during their attempt, their coloner [[Kroptman]] was captured.

When [[Twinsen]] arrived on the island by a [[Catamaran]], the rebels already knew him. A rebel commander [[Sphero]] told him about their fight and asked his help to free Kroptman.

They took the landing boat from Island and landed on the shore of the pass, where Twinsen had to destroy the radio with his [[magic ball]], to prevent communication for an easier takeover. Then they battled through the pass itself, until they found a tank which they managed to seize for their own use. The rest of the battle through the pass was afterwards an easy task.

Once arrived at the fortress, the rebels stayed behind to cover Twinsen while he ventured inside to free Colonel Kroptman. Once the colonel was freed he advised Twinsen to take the back entrance out of the fortress. 
[[category:rebels|*]]