---
title: Slice of FireFly Tart
---

{{Infobox Item
 |image=Slice_of_firefly_tart.png
 |type=quest
 |critical=yes
 |magical=no
 |unique=yes
 |lba1=
 |lba2=yes
 |upgrades=no
 |rowposition=4
 |columnposition=2
 |effect=none
 |effectamount=
 |purpose=
 |combattype=none
 |powerlevel=none
 |rate=none
 |range=none
 |damage=none
}}
{{Quote
 |You don't like this tart, but you must give it to someone who appreciates it more than you.
 |Inventory, [[Slice of FireFly Tart]]
 |quoteid=1875}}

==Description==
The '''Firefly Tart''' is a food product made and eaten by the [[Wannie]]s. It is made from the fireflies easily found around their island.

==Role in Twinsen's adventure==
Searching for a way to reach the [[Mosquibees Island]], [[Twinsen]] reached the [[Village of the Wannies]]. There, a note written by [[Annie]], the housemaid of [[Mr. Lemoine|Dark Monk's priest]], clued the [[quetch]] to ask the priest about it. Unfortunately, the door to [[Dark Monk's chapel|the chapel]] leading to the priest's house was locked. However, Twinsen was lucky enough to meet an old wannie at the village. This wannie owned the [[key]] to the door, and was willing to give it to Twinsen in return for a slice of firefly tart.

Searching for such a tart, Twinsen arrived at the house of a small family living in the village. Being kind enough, the wannies invited Twinsen to share their meal. After fainting once hearing what it was he has just eaten, Twinsen took a slice of the tart for the old wannie, who in return gave the quetch the key to the chapel.

==Additional quotes==
{{Quote
 |Hey, pal! Say, if you bring me back a slice of tart, I'll tell you a pretty wacky secret.
 |character=The old wannie
 |building=Village of the Wannies
 |island=Island of the Wannies
 |planet=undergas
 |quoteid=2305}}

{{Quote
 |I fish fireflies used to bake tarts. It's awfully good you know, a firefly tart.
 |character=Arno
 |building=Village of the Wannies
 |island=Island of the Wannies
 |planet=undergas
 |quoteid=2325}}

{{Quote
 |So? How do you like my firefly tart?
 |character=Wannie woman
 |building=Village of the Wannies
 |island=Island of the Wannies
 |planet=undergas
 |quoteid=2292}}