---
title: Wannies Fragment
---

{{Quote|
Quote=his fragment of the wannies' key is one of the elements which will permit you to piece together the key to Dark Monk's temple.|
Character=Official description}}

==Description==
The '''Wannies Fragment''' was one of the four fragments which together summoned [[Dark Monk's statue]] to complete the ceremony. This turned [[Zeelich]] back in its original look after 10,000 ceremonies. The Wannies Fragment is the green "above" piece of [[Dark Monk's key]].

==Role in Twinsen's adventure==
As a part of his quest of uniting the four key fragments, [[Twinsen]] had to find the Wannies Fragment. It was located in a room in the [[Wannies Mine]], protected by [[Alfred|a huge guard]]. After killing the guard, Twinsen retrieved the key to the room. In there, it turned out that the room looked like [[Dark Monk's chapel]], but then with a fragment. After taking the fragment, Twinsen had to fight his way out, as the [[Wannies]] in the mine wanted their fragment back.

==Unconfirmed theories==
After picking up the Wannies Fragment, Twinsen heard a voice speaking to him. It might have been the real [[Dark Monk]], who was making sure the whole [[prophecy]] would be fullfilled.

==Additional quotes==
{{Quote|
Quote=But it's you who took our fragment. You don't realize what you have done. Listen carefully.|
Character=[[Dark Monk's priest]]}}
{{Quote|
Quote=The time of the ceremony is near. Now that you have taken our fragment, Dark Monk will not chase the monsters of the gas or the cloud which blankets Zeelich!|
Character=Dark Monk's priest}}
{{Quote|
Quote=Easy, Twinsen, be careful. It's not the time to break this precious fragment!!|
Character=A voice}}

==Related threads==
===General===
* {{thread|id=10899|title=Has anyone emailed our good ol' Fred about...}}

[[Category:Objects]]
[[Category:Dark Monk's key]]
[[Category:Articles without an image]]