---
title: Tim
permalink: wiki/Tim
layout: wiki
tags:
 - Citadel Island inhabitants
---

## Description

**Tim** is a pretty reckless [rabbibunny](rabbibunny "wikilink") working
as a waiter in [Chez Luc](Chez_Luc "wikilink") at [Citadel
Island](Citadel_Island "wikilink"). He seems to be a very dedicated
waiter, always willing to happily serve the demanding cutsomers. It
seems he would work in any conditions, even in the
[storm](storm "wikilink") or in hot days. Additionally, it is
recommended not to sneak into the basement of the pub, as an unpleasant
experience would be Tim trying to kick you out of there. Tim seems to be
the only worker at Chez Luc, except for [Luc](Luc "wikilink") himself,
of course. Luc, the manager and the bartender of the pub, seems to be
pretty fond of Tim.

He is seen running around the pub, waiting on his customers.
Occasionally, he loses his balance on the stairs and falls over onto his
back.

## Role in Twinsen's adventure

Perhaps due to him being a bit busy with the demanding customers of the
pub, who especially came in during the storm, Tim was not able to help
[Twinsen](Twinsen "wikilink") very much. Unlike most of the characters
the quetch met during his adventures, Tim was not able to give Twinsen
any useful hints, not even about [Raph](Raph "wikilink")'s whereabouts.

## Trivia

Using some of his tricks, Twinsen was able to steal some money from Tim.
Since [Fab](Fab "wikilink")'s way of paying Tim was to throw the
[kashes](kashes "wikilink") towards him, Twinsen managed once to sneak
in, and steal the money before Tim even realized what was going on.

## Unconfirmed theories

It is unknown why, but every time Tim ran up or down the stairs of the
pub, he dropped and fell on his back. The mysterious rabbibunny refused
to reveal the real reason for these mysterious falls.

## Related threads

### Hints\Spoilers

- 

### Fan Art

- 
